feat(cli): Enable tsconfigPaths by default (#24490)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/typescript.mdx

> Available in SDK 49 and higher.

> In SDK 49 projects, you'll need to enable path aliases in the project's [app config](/workflow/configuration/):

Reviewer: Let's use a tabs component here like this https://docs.expo.dev/routing/installation/#setup-entry-point

- Path aliases are only supported by Metro (including Metro web) and not by `@expo/webpack-config`.
- Bare projects require additional setup for this feature. See the [versioned Metro setup guide](/versions/latest/config/metro#bare-workflow-setup) for more information.

<Tabs>

<Tab label="SDK 50 and above">

`tsconfigPaths` is enabled by default. You can disable it by setting `tsconfigPaths` to `false` in the project's [app config](/workflow/configuration/):

```json app.json
{
  "expo": {
    "experiments": {
      "tsconfigPaths": false
    }
  }
}
```

</Tab>

<Tab label="SDK 49">

> In SDK 49 projects, you'll need to enable path aliases in the project's [app config](/workflow/configuration/):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Set `tsconfigPaths` to `true` to enable path aliases in the project's [app config](/workflow/configuration/):
```

Let's move the redundancy of repeating SDK 49 here since the tab already says these instructions are for SDK 49.
